Presentation Exchange Guide (#1138)
TBD54566975/developer.tbd.website: site/docs/web5/build/verifiable-credentials/presentation-exchange.mdx

<details>
<summary>Presentation Definition</summary>

<CodeSnippet functionName="pex_getLoanAppPresentationDefinition" />

</details>

We'll use the Presentation Definition above to present credentials that meet its requirements.

## Import PresentationExchange

All methods needed to perform a PEX are in the `PresentationExchange` class. 
You can import this class from the `@web5/credentials` package:

```js
import { PresentationExchange } from '@web5/credentials';
```

## Select Credentials

A user may possess multiple credentials. 
To preserve the user's privacy, when creating a Presentation, you'll want to present only the VCs that match the Presentation Definition requirements. 
This is done with the `selectCredentials()` method:

<CodeSnippet functionName="pex_selectCredentials" />

## Satisfy Presentation Definition

To ensure that the selected credentials collectively satisfy all of the Presentation Definition's requirements, call the `satisfiesPresentationDefinition()` method:

<CodeSnippet functionName="pex_checkPresentationDefinitionSatisfaction" />

> This method will throw an error if the VCs do not satisfy the Presentation Definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method will throw an error if all requirements of the Presentation Definition are not satisfied. 
```

    ]
  },
  "presentationSubmissionLocation": 1,
  "presentationSubmission": {
    "id": "epzZXstAcVNt5MRrcyG91",
    "definition_id": "presDefIdloanAppVerification123",
    "descriptor_map": [
      {
        "id": "employmentVerification",
        "format": "jwt_vc",
        "path": "$.verifiableCredential[0]"
      },
      {
        "id": "dobVerification",
        "format": "jwt_vc",
        "path": "$.verifiableCredential[1]"
      },
      {
        "id": "nameVerification",
        "format": "jwt_vc",
        "path": "$.verifiableCredential[1]"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

## Validate Presentation Submission

Before submitting the presentation to a lender, you can validate the Presentation via the `validateSubmission()` method:

<CodeSnippet functionName="pex_submissionCheck" />

> This method checks the presentation submission for any errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method checks the presentation submission for any errors, returns an array of `Checked` objects representing the validation checks performed on the presentation submission:
```

> The `validateSubmission()` method returns an array of `Checked` objects representing the validation checks performed on the presentation submission:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
